## November Monthly Call (19th Nov)

### Attendees
  1. Ram
  2. Shahbaz
  3. Srushtika Neelakantam
  4. Rahul Bhattacharjee
  5. Rishabh
  6. Shubham Geete
  7. Vibhanshu 
  8. Vishwa
  9. Mahtab
  10. Pratik Parmar
  11. Akshaysonavane
  12. Viswaprasath

### Meeting Notes / Discussions

  * **Agenda**
    * Revisiting self checks from the webVR India session and formation of the focus team.
    * Upcoming activities/ announcements.
  * Walkthrough of the Mozilla India Restructure meetup for new members.
  * Onboarding people to join and contribute to WebVR was the initial agenda of the team, which will later be dissolved and join the Emerging Technologies functional group after the goals are met.
  * 5th meeting. Actively participating in MozActivate campaign.
  * Mozilla VR global telegram group
  * Updates on the contributions till now.

### Status of self-checks

  * Telegram group and slack channels are in place.
  * Github organisation is up and running.
  * 10+ active contributors.
  * 1 mega events.
  * 10+ individual contributions
  * Lot of indian contributions being featured on A week of A-Frame weekly blog.
  * Wiki page is up and continuously updated.
  
### Upcoming
  * We require some good A-Frame examples (working scenes) for tutorials for beginners. For this, we'll have a contest where we'll choose the top few scenes.
  * We have the github repo - > Create empty file with the name of the concept implemented -> It'll contain the scene that demonstrates the working model of that concept.
  * Mailing list for updates about the focus team.
  
### Questions/ Queries/ Suggestions/ Feedback
  * Make sure to add your contributions (projects, events, media) to the github organisation in order for them to get recognised.  
  * Please record your sessions whenever possible in order to facilitate learning for the newcomers.
  * We have a separate TG group for those who have reported at least one contribution to the github organisation.
  * Does the reporting of the event/activity strictly follow the timeline of the activity being conducted?
    * No. You can report right away. The main aim is to make their presence felt on the wiki page.
  * (Akshay)I've been making some A-frame scenes but I never reported. Can i do it now?
    * Yes.
  * (Rahul) I presented examples of A-Frame Vr in a conference yesterday. However, I came across a concept called WebGL, can you please explain what that is?
    * Yes, we'll take this discussion offline.
  * (Shubham) I'm planning on a event for school students where I'll introduce A-Frame Vr to them.
  * (Akshay) If I make some tutorials on a-frame along with my club, will that be considered as a contribution?
    * Yes, definitely ! 
  * (Akshay) Can we present tutorials related to 3-D animation ?
    * Yes
    
### Important links
  * [https://github.com/webvr-india/volunteer-contributions/issues](https://github.com/webvr-india/volunteer-contributions/issues)
  * [https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/WebVR_India_Grow_WebVR](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/WebVR_India_Grow_WebVR)
  * [http://gurumukhi.github.io/vr-ram/](http://gurumukhi.github.io/vr-ram/)
  * [https://gurumukhi.github.io/aframe-presentation-kit/](https://gurumukhi.github.io/aframe-presentation-kit/)
  * [https://github.com/aframevr](https://github.com/aframevr)


